Link to VALIDATION.md and CLEANUP.md (#427)
common-voice/sentence-collector: README.md

- Is everything working as expected? If not, submit [a new issue](https://github.com/Common-Voice/sentence-collector/issues/new).
- Review the pending issues in the [project](https://github.com/Common-Voice/sentence-collector/projects/2).
- Create a [new PR](https://github.com/Common-Voice/sentence-collector/compare) to fix any of the existing issues in the project.

> - To add new language or adjust sentence validation/cleanup: see [VALIDATION.md](https://github.com/common-voice/sentence-collector/blob/main/server/lib/validation/VALIDATION.md) and [CLEANUP.md](https://github.com/common-voice/sentence-collector/blob/main/server/lib/cleanup/CLEANUP.md).

Reviewer: "To add a new language" seems confusing to me, as that only refers to validation and cleanup, not actually adding a new language to contribute to. What do you think of the following?

```suggestion
- To add or adjust validation and cleanup for a language see [VALIDATION.md](https://github.com/common-voice/sentence-collector/blob/main/server/lib/validation/VALIDATION.md) and [CLEANUP.md](https://github.com/common-voice/sentence-collector/blob/main/server/lib/cleanup/CLEANUP.md). Cleanup is optional and should only be used in rare cases.
```
